HarfangLab Software Assets in the Asset Categories section doc (#3073)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/integration/assets_categories/software/harfanglab_software.md

uuid: 3e5f8c2a-7d4b-4e6f-a891-c0d2e3f4a5b6
name: HarfangLab Software Assets
type: asset

## Overview

HarfangLab EDR is a European EDR for Windows, macOS, and Linux that delivers real-time telemetry, ATT&CK-mapped detections, and rapid response (host isolation, process kill, quarantine). This setup guide shows how to forward software assets — the list of applications installed on endpoints monitored by HarfangLab EDR — to Sekoia.io.

- **Vendor**: HarfangLab
- **Product**: HarfangLab EDR
- **Supported environment**: SaaS

## Configure

### How to create an API token

> To connect HarfangLab to Sekoia.io, you need to create an API key in your HarfangLab console. Follow these steps:

Reviewer: Harmonize the API connection solution wording: if I understand well `API token` is used, not `API key`

```suggestion
To connect HarfangLab to Sekoia.io, you need to generate an API token in your HarfangLab console. Follow these steps:
```

Reviewer: Fixed with commit [Update docs/integration/assets_categories/software/harfanglab_software.md](https://github.com/SEKOIA-IO/documentation/pull/3073/changes/de939534f022b1ed049f58c5d9050af4d9731418)
